[Music]
hey wake up
stand up there you go you were dreaming
not even last night's storm could wake
you what do you say where are we we just
arrived in Morro wind of course I'm sure
they'll let us go quiet here comes the
guard I don't know what happened but it
all started a week ago I was remembering
the good old times and playing morrowind
and I lost track of time late at night I
just fell asleep in front of my PC and
that's when the crazy stuff began I woke
up because I heard the voice of jube
right in front of me he was addressing
me not my character but me I thought I
was still dreaming but I could literally
smell the prison ship and it was all so
real but then I touched the table on my
way to the exit it was so unmistakably
wooden that I knew it was not a dream
so I proceeded to the census and Excise
office where they gave me my documents
just for the fun of it I investigated
one of the barrels before entering the
second building and what do you think I
found an enchanted ring there no
inventory for me though it was just
lying on the bottom among some other
stuff and kind of glowed a bit I looked
around saw no one and took it knowing
that there will be a person looking for
it and indeed right after I was released
that bosmer fargöth approached me it
felt like I was going crazy but I still
gave him his ring and just like in the
game he promised to put in a good word
for me - mm-hmm
long story short I spent a full day and
Satan ain't looking around talking to
people and actually doing quests from
the game at the time I was almost ready
to stay there for good
but then night came and I spent a few
coins for a bed anticipating my trip to
Balmorra the next day but I ended up
wakening in my own bed I mean my real
world bed I felt a little sad because
you know it's not an everyday thing that
you'll wake up in one of your favorite
video games and it seemed as if I never
actually went anywhere everything was
absolutely normal just the way it always
is so I shook it off side and went about
my daily business recording voice-over
and stuff the following night I tried to
play a little bit of Minecraft yeah I do
that from time to time to relax this
time though a weird idea came to me what
if I stay up late again and see what
happens
I mean I'd already been to Mora when why
not the Minecraft world so I stayed in
the game until I dozed off I don't
remember exactly when it happened but
the next moment I really found myself in
the world made of blocks
after the realistic experience of the
elderscrolls it was unsettling I looked
at my hands and they were made of blocks
too I woke up in a forest biome so that
everything around me was lush green but
there was also a cave nearby with its
ceiling half collapsed I took a pickaxe
from my back how the heck did it
appeared there and went to explore I
hacked through the Fallen blocks
wondering what I'd find inside maybe
some treasure or an Enderman or I don't
know a cow anything might happen I was
excited to find out I cleared my way to
the dungeon and went carefully forward
lighting the way ahead with a torch that
also ended up being on me I don't know
how long it took but what I clearly
remember even now is that horrible
hissing sound that I heard at some point
it would have been okay if it had only
been one but there were at least a dozen
gosh did I run for my life
I heard explosions behind me but didn't
turn around to look one of them could be
right on my heels for all I know
when I finally rushed out into the
daylight I realize why the ceiling of
the cave had collapsed in the first
place of course when there's a nest of
creepers inside it's only logical I
spent the rest of the daytime exploring
the glades and woods by the way the day
lasted just like it would in the real
world not only 20 minutes
by the nightfall I got a bit tired so I
settled down build myself a lean-to and
made a fire at some point I started
feeling sleepy
but I didn't really want to leave the
place so soon I fought sleep as hard as
I could
building stuff and reducing it to
nothing just for the fun of it that is
until I heard that sound like the rustle
of wings phantoms I knew it was them
although I only not slept for a single
night I guess the rules are different in
that real Minecraft world i brace myself
for the encounter and there they were
swarming onto me I fought hard and won
in the end but I was absolutely
exhausted afterwards I suppose I had no
choice but the lie down
a banana I fell asleep very quickly just
hoping it wouldn't end like the previous
time
yet it did I woke up again in my own bed
but I was decided to try once more with
a different game and I had a little bit
insane idea about what it could be what
would your choice be I wonder let me
know down below I spent the whole day in
anticipation I'm not that much of a
gamer you know but but all this was so
exciting that I couldn't really
concentrate on anything else but my next
virtual adventure and finally the hour
came when I could forget about other
things and plunge into play and the game
I chose was fortnight no I didn't give
in to all the hype around it I wanted to
actually see what it would be like to
participate in a battle royale from the
first-person perspective I mean if I
could travel into single-player games
then what's it like to find myself in a
multiplayer what I couldn't resist the
temptation
now I'm not into that sort of game so I
can't say I enjoyed playing it very much
and so there it was falling from the sky
to the unbelievably realistic grounds
holding tight to my umbrella if I've
ever seen absurd that was it it was one
thing seeing it on the screen of my PC
and a whole other to feel the wind
gushing through my pants as I descended
to some huge patch of land and the fact
that I was aware of what awaited me down
below didn't really help me curb my
heart rate I finally landed and ran to
the nearest shelter right away it was so
weird feeling my legs working and
realizing that someone might appear from
behind any wall or tree at any moment
with their intentions being anything but
good I saw some gear and tried to take
it like I did well outside the game and
darn it was heavy I was completely
unprepared for that kind of ordeal
anyway
I somehow managed to take what I needed
but I was winded almost from the moment
I left the shelter I decided to wait it
out and hide for the time being
restoring my strength and air in my
lungs i sat with my back to some tree
and watched my surroundings intently for
any signs of other players or were they
really players could it be that I wasn't
alone in that strange world I waited
patiently and after some time I saw it
there was someone running across the
glade I was facing the first surprise
was that the guy looked exactly like
Keanu Reeves and John wick the second
that he ran and jumped as if he wasn't
carrying something huge and heavy in his
arms and the third well that I felt a
sudden hit to my head and lost
consciousness I guess that was the end
of it I came around at home again as I
always did after my adventures but this
time I felt it was different both the
first and the second time I simply fell
asleep in the game world well now I'd
been well obliterated my head hurt
so I took some painkillers and went for
breakfast but I was already thinking
whether I'd be able to come back to that
world or to any other for that matter I
spent the day in an autopilot mode and
as soon as I had the time I launched
fortnight again I played until I fell
asleep again and woke up in what felt
like a couple of hours lying face down
on my keyboard yep that was really the
end I still don't know if it was all a
very vivid dream or a real thing but I'd
be sure to repeat it if I had the chance
oh well who knows hey if you learned
something new today then give the video
a like and share it with a friend
and here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]